hey guys come on 65 a from you be
assuring you fully outside the math
firewall in a couple of new roofs
firstly you want to follow where r do
kill all these people right here like
sir hope these stairs kill these two
people and then once you kill these two
people shoot the third window of you cuz
that window opens up fast and not others
you want to open the fence and as soon
as you like the fence up and you want to
run run run run run jump the spiral and
then strive towards this helicopter you
should be on this helicopter fright here
and then get your friend on the turret
in yourself to shoot the helicopter
Tillett alike at this point and then
once at this point how to copy should
spin around while it's spinning around
you can tell your friend to shoot all
the other helicopters enemies so they
don't pee liya and should be spinning
spinning and then from here you want to
stress job or jump towards his fence
right here you should learn on this
barrier then from this far you want to
follow her are do just jump across this
and then from here walk forward until
you get a green credit over there by the
way this glitch is found by your beer
productions thanks to five star and kill
them cool boy for helping us out then
you want to strip this spot right here
and from this spoil you want to lock
long here
keep walking keep walking Anthony a turn
right and follow this barrier next from
this barrier and you should see a roof
rack for ya right here you want to end
your way across along the photos already
small and for me you want to drop onto
this roof now on top of this roof you
can do it quite a bit you just kind of
shoot around shake your friend and
finesse you can jump Austria as my
friend on the video either stripped on
top of this roof then from this roof you
want to follow where I go just jump on
top of this for you you'll see a righty
on top of this correct and then yeah
should be outside the map from here you
currently do much it's not read that
good but it's still an ugly man you can
do quite a bit you can walk on this road
you can hide in the bushes you can
that's all right and then from here
right here is like from outside about to
inside the month is a one-way a barrier
and for some reason you can actually
just walk straight through and from here
you wanna yeah
now I'll sure we're friends perspective
what you want to do we shoot the
helicopter a little bit and then once
you shut the helicopter you want to keep
on shooting a helicopter sugar you're
the helicopters like so shoot all the
people so far shown a bit rushed I'm
kind of in a hurry because I need to go
somewhere and one up sorry about that
then you want to shoot your friend and
as you see before an earlier in the
video my friend was like spinning on the
helicopter you want to win till it gets
low enough jump like a see there we
should land on the barrier so now if you
don't have the strength this where we'll
be hopefully a lot easier for you guys
cause it all just depends on how could
you want to shoot the helicopter and
what not since quickly issued at the
more like your board the roof behind the
more you shoot this tomorrow one more
off here so shoot it down quicker like I
should see here and this time the
helicopter actually will lead you
towards this very rating just simply
this jump do it thanks up so pretty cool
from here you can basically washer dryer
on just walk on the fence barrier and
you wait wat this building right here
like so just move on here
from here you want to eduware course
across them up to the edge and then for
me you want to be careful because thing
on that side I think the bar is a lot
more higher so you have to be really
really careful so you don't kill
yourself since no one can revive you so
now you're like on top of this roof
without stretch jump maybe that way it
could be easier for you or maybe the
other way it could be easier for you
from here you can just stretch them
towards this building right here now
this way we'll show you the final roof
you can get to you want to do the exact
same thing again shoot third window room
chairs the helicopter nice sprinters
more like you can Jim towards his
helicopter wing shoot it straight away
and you should learn on top of this room
hope you guys enjoy this body out of
firewall make sure to like comment
subscribe and I'll see the next video
bye
you